foreign
are we back now
there we go
yeah
uh-huh
cannot believe
cannot
believe
so
as we wait for people to come back in
just because this is going to go up as a
video uh later what happened was
obs dipped out like it did i think a
couple of streams ago
and um it was reconnecting itself it was
working on reconnecting itself and it
took just a little too long
just a little
too long to reconnect before youtube
killed the stream so it was like youtube
stream dies and then obs is like
reconnected pretty much instantly
so we were we were so close and i
noticed actually
pretty pretty immediately thankfully
i noticed kind of right off the bat
because
i'm paranoid um and i and i've got a obs
has in the bottom right corner um it's
just got a lovely little
a square that goes green or yellow or
red depending on the health of the
stream
and i noticed that it was red and that
it was streaming at like zero instead of
2600 et cetera
ah so fortunately i wasn't like
reading on for a couple of minutes i
caught it pretty
pretty soon um
let's see i'll go back just a little bit
then
uh yeah no not your internet not my
internet it's obs i'd only i've only
recently started streaming
through obs in this very particular way
and i'm about to stop if it keeps doing
this to me
like really
i think i'll go back
to did we hear about how uh pissed off
wang ji looked
taking off the ribbon crashed the screen
yeah yeah yeah
no
you're exactly right
oh were we
uh it went down at body part nice
uh
yeah this thing i pulled off really is
just a forehead ribbon and not a body
part right
nice very sharp gal y'all
okay
oh yeah see i only got like a couple
sentences
look at me noticing things while doing
other things what
ah
okay
it's been going for how long has it been
going it won't
tell me and i'm not about to click
around so we're just gonna go ahead and
uh
um
keep going
we are at the bottom of page
224. just so that everybody knows
seeing him actually daring to squeeze it
too len wangshi brutally snatched the
forehead ribbon back from him waywurshan
let go as soon as he grabbed it
the other juniors from the land family
also stopped shooting and came to
surround them lan chichen had his arm
around his little brother's shoulders
whispering something to the deeply
silent
lan wang xi
the others looked serious like they were
about to face a formidable foe talking
and shaking their heads and sending
indiscernible weird looks at wae wu shen
he vaguely heard the words accident no
need to be angry pay it no mind a man
family rules and other such things and
grew increasingly confused
lenwang ji shot him a glare then turned
and left with a sweep of his sleeves
heading straight out of the grounds
i mean it's basically
it's it's it's almost like wushan had
just like lifted uh he may as well have
lifted up wang shi's robes in public
you know what i mean with that type of
scandal
you know
why am i there we go
jing chung walked over
what did you do now didn't i tell you
not to tease him you can't be happy
without courting death at least once a
day can you
that line kind of hurts in hindsight
way was shane shrugged i told him his
forehead ribbon was crooked the first
time was a lie but the second time was
true he didn't believe me was even angry
at me i didn't yank his forehead ribbon
off on purpose why do you think he's so
mad
mad enough to ditch the competition you
need me to spell it out jing chung
mocked him it's because he finds you
particularly abominable of course
the quiver on his back was almost empty
at the sight of that weirshan focused on
the game once more
he'd never once recalled that memory in
all these years it wasn't that he never
suspected there was something special
about the land forehead ribbon but he'd
toss the whole mystery to the back of
his mind after the competition
now that he thought back on it the looks
the other lane juniors present at the
scene had given him
to have his forehead ribbon forcibly
plucked off by a little bastard like him
and langen had actually managed not to
shoot him dead on the spot
what terrifying self-restraint as
expected of hang on jun
and now that he really thought about it
he he touched land monkey's forehead
ribbon on more than one occasion since
his return
wait a second did i just
i did
what is he doing pacing back and forth
by himself like that lan jingy wondered
doubtfully restless after having filled
his belly the color of his face keeps
changing too another boy added did he
eat something bad
but we didn't mean anything odd is it
because of the meaning behind the
forehead ribbon there's no need to get
so excited over that right he must
really be infatuated with hang on june
look how happy he is
we wish he encircled a wilted flowering
bush over 50 times before he managed to
finally calm down
wow he actually
consciously caught himself
being queer
for like
the first
time
in a really
[Music]
in a in a different
way like purely
accident he keeps tripping into
queerness have we noticed this he just
trips and falls head first
into anything that happens with poor lan
wong ji
who
just
wants to be the best service top he can
be at this point in the timeline and yet
wow
when he caught that last comment he
didn't know whether to laugh or cry
right then behind him came the sound of
withered leaves being crunched underfoot
the footfalls were heavy meaning it
wasn't a child thinking it was lan wong
ji returning to camp weiwuchen quickly
smoothed out his expression spun around
and was met with a black figure standing
not far away in the shadow of a wizened
tree of a wisened tree
the figure was very tall stood very
straight and veritably thrummed with
power
however
it was missing ahead
you know
like you [__] do
headless horseman
i am having violent flashbacks
as if a bucket of cold water had been
thrown on his face the upturned curve of
weiwoushin's lips froze
the giant figure stood beneath the
wizened tree face facing in his
direction if there had been a head on
top of its neck it would have been
quietly staring at way we shan
over by the campfire the land juniors
had also noticed the shadow every hair
was standing on end their eyes were wide
and they were ready to draw their swords
weiwushan placed his finger to his lips
and softly hushed them
he shook his head and used his usual eye
and and used his eyes to signal do not
seeing that len shizui soundlessly
pushed the sword lang jingyi had half
drawn back into its sheath
the headless man reached out and placed
his hand on the trunk of the tree beside
him he felt around seeming to ponder
something while perhaps trying to
confirm what he was touching he took a
small step forward and wei wushan
finally saw most of his body clearly
the headless man wore slightly ragged
funeral robes the same robes they dug
out of the chang cemetery and used to
dress the ghost torso
furthermore the ground by its feet was
scattered with tattered fabric weiwu
shan could just make them out as the
remaining shreds of the evil sealing
chiang koon pouches
we've been careless way wishing thought
our good buddy pieced himself back
together
he and lan wangji had been constantly in
action from the moment they entered
yeast city until now it had been more
than two days since they had last played
rest
they'd done all they could to keep the
body parts separate on their travels so
far and just barely managed to suppress
them but now the corpse's four limbs
were all together and the attraction
between them was greatly
heightened
perhaps they sensed each other's
resentment causing their desire to
reassemble to grow too powerful when 91g
went out on patrol they seized the
opportunity and impatiently rolled their
respective evil ceiling pouches together
broke through their bindings and joined
together into a body
unfortunately this corpse was still
missing a particular part
the most important part
the headless man placed his hands over
over his neck feeling the neat scarlet
wound there
he felt around for a bit but still
couldn't find what should have been
there as if this truth had angered him
he suddenly struck out and slapped the
tree next to him the tree trunk cracked
at the impact what a temper way we shan
thought yeah that's the first thought
you have
when you know the body you've been
collecting puts itself together again
just humpty dumpty's its own ass
mm-hmm
jingy brandished his sword in front of
him his voice trembling
what is that monster
just from that i can tell you don't do
your homework
what's a yao what's a monster this is
obviously a corpse of the ghost category
how can it be classified as a monster
lanchizuri asked in a hush voice chen
bae you
are so loud aren't you afraid he'll
notice you it's fine
it's fine way we shan assured i just
realized that it actually doesn't matter
how loud we are
because he doesn't have a head and so no
eyes and no ears in other words he can't
see nor can he hear if you don't believe
me try shouting at him
lending you was amazed
really let me try
sure enough he immediately shouted twice
just as he did however the headless man
spun around and walked toward the land
juniors
the boys were scared witless lynching he
wailed didn't you say it's fine
we wish and cupped his hands around his
mouth and yelled at the top of it lung
at the top of his lungs it really is
fine look see how he's not coming here
even though i'm so loud
the problem isn't that you're loud it's
the fire light it's hot with lots of
living humans and all men too it's
bursting with yang energy over there he
can't see he can't hear but he can go
toward places where he senses the bustle
of life
put out the fire now and spread out
hurry
lanchazer he swept his hand and a gust
blew out the flames the boys scattered
throughout the abandoned garden in a
rush
sure enough once the campfire was out
and the people dispersed the headless
man lost his sense of direction he stood
rooted in place for a while but just as
they sighed in relief he suddenly
started moving again heading unerringly
for one of the boys
len jingy wailed again didn't you say
he'd be fine once the fire was put out
and we scattered wait we shan didn't
have the time to answer him don't move
he barked at the other boy instead
he picked up a rock by his foot flicked
his wrist and hurled it toward the
headless man the rock hit him squarely
in the back and he immediately stopped
in his tracks
he turned around weighed his options and
seeming to think way wushan's side was
more suspicious walked toward him
waywu shan very very slowly shifted two
steps away just in time brushing
shoulders with the headless man who
stomped over with lead in footsteps
i told you guys to spread out not run
around
don't run too fast this headless ghost
cultivation level is very high if you
move too fast and kick up wind with your
movements he'll notice that
he seems to be searching for something
lanchazuri observed
is he searching for
his head
correct way washen replied he's
searching for his head there's so many
heads here but he doesn't know which one
is his so he plans to wrench the heads
off every single neck here and try them
on to see if one fits if it does he'll
use it for a while if not he'll toss it
so you guys have to walk very slowly
dodge very slowly and not get caught
the boys shuddered violently as they
imagined their heads being wrenched off
by this headless fierce corpse and worn
so gruesomely on his neck
their hands flew to their necks to
shield them as they slowly and carefully
begin to flee about the garden
the
the image in my brain right now is so
[__] funny
wow
it was like they were playing a perilous
game of tag with this headless ghost
where whoever was caught by it would
have to hand over their heads
whenever the headless man caught a whiff
of a boy's trail waywuchen would hurl
the rock to divert his attention and
lure him away
weibushan moved at an easy pace hands
clasped behind his back and observed the
movements of this headless corpse as he
walked
there's something strange about our good
buddy's posture eh he keeps swinging his
arm with a loose fist
that action
he was still thinking when lanjing spoke
up having had enough how much longer are
we going to keep this up are we just
going to keep walking around like this
wei wushan contemplated for a moment
then replied of course not he raised his
voice and yelled hang on june hang on
june
hang on jordan are you back yet help
at the sight of him the other started
yelling too this fierce corpse had no
head and couldn't hear so they each
screamed louder than the one before them
each more tragic than the other in an
instant there came the murmuring moan of
a show within the dark of the night
followed closely by the brisk strum
of a gucci
having heard the two instruments the
group of juniors were practically ready
to cry tears of joy
hang one june
zero june they sobbed
two tall and slender figures appeared
before the run-down garden entrance in a
flash similarly tall slim and graceful
similarly colored like ice and snow one
held the shower while the other carried
the gucci walking side by side
when the two saw the headless figure
they were both taken aback
oh an entrance ladies and gentlemen
befitting
my husband and len wongji
lanshi trans expression was especially
obvious he was practically stricken
his show
led
um i don't think it's labeling i think
it's is it really just libing
do you think
possibly
if nobody knows i'll double check later
uh his show
had fallen
silent but b chen was already unsheathed
the headless man sensed the hurtling
approach and incredible power of that
bone-bitingly cold sword glare and
raised his arm swinging it downward once
more
that action again way wishing thought
liebing
oh i'm gonna have to practice that one
the headless man's form was remarkably
swift and nimble too he left just
missing beatrix sharpness as a graves
past he flipped his hand and
astonishingly managed to seize b-chan's
hilt just like that he raised beachen
high into the air seeming to want to
inspect this object now in his hand
alas he had no eyes
seeing how the headless man had actually
stopped hang one june's beach in with
his bare hands the juniors all paled at
once
lan wong ji appeared unaffected however
he took out his gucci lowered his head
and plucked a string the strummed note
howled and spun toward the fierce corpse
as if it had transformed into a sharp
but intangible arrow
the headless man swung beach hen and
struck the note to bits then wang-ji
swept his hand down and the seven
strings of the gucci all vibrated at
once belting out a high and intense note
at the same time weiwu shen pulled out
his bamboo flute with an unusually sharp
timber he harmonized with the kuchin in
an instant it was as if the sky were
raining blades holy [__]
the headless fierce corpse brandished
bichen and returned in kind but lan
chichen had snapped out of it by then he
pressed
[Music]
my mouth does not want to form
that pronunciation
so
we're going to refer to it as shall
unless i
lose my place there we go he pressed his
shower to his lips once more knitting
his brows as he played
perhaps it was only a figment of the
imagination but the moment the elegant
and peaceful sound of the show sang
through the night air the corpse's
movement seemed to falter
oh
he stood rooted in place to listen for a
moment then turned seeming to want to
see who the musician was
but that was impossible of course he had
no head and no eyes with which to see no
ears with which to hear either oh no
spiritual and it just stop never mind
first the gu chin and flute assailed him
in unison and now he was being attacked
by three tones at once the headless
fierce corpse finally swayed and
collapsed like his strength had left him
technically speaking he didn't collapse
rather he
fell apart
the arms the legs the torso all lay
brokenly on the ground piled with fallen
leaves
that's a
a visual
len wang-ji flipped his hand to withdraw
his kitchen and summoned his sword back
to his sheath then approached the
severed body parts with way we shan
he glanced down at them and then took
out five brand new evil ceiling chinkun
pouches the group of juniors came
circling them still shaken
they bowed to zebra june first before
they could start blabbering however lan
wong ji gave them a command
go rest
len jingy looked confused huh but hang
on june it's not high time yet
lanchizuri tugged at him and answered
respectfully
yes sir
he asked no further questions and led
the other juniors to start a new
campfire in a different part of the
garden and rest
only the three of them remained standing
next to the corpse pieces way we shan
nodded atlantic in respect then crouched
ready to seal the corpse back into his
nip into the pouches anew
he took up the left ghost arm and
started stuffing it into the cancun
pouch but had only gotten half of it
when lan chichen interrupted him
please wait
waebeshan had known there was something
up when he saw lanshi-chen's expression
earlier sure enough the man's face was
deathly pale oh [__] this is how we find
out this is how we find out whose body
is
[__] me
please wait he repeated allow me to look
at the corpse
weiwu shan stopped what he was doing
zoo jun knows this man's identity
lan chen didn't answer right away as if
unsure
but lan wong ji gave wei wushan a slow
nod
all right i know who it is now too wait
was jen remarked
he lowered his voice
it's chiffon it's ooh this is a new one
hang on chi fung jun chi fung
during their game of
tag earlier the headless corpse had
continuously repeated the same actions
making a hollow fist
make a hollow fist swing the arm slash
horizontally cleave vertically it looked
very much like he was miming swinging
some kind of weapon the first thing way
wishing thought of was a sword but he
was a sword wielder himself and had
crossed blades with many distinguished
swordsmen in the past without ever
seeing a master use a sword like that
the sword was considered the king of
weapons and those who practice its art
always strove for noble bearing or lithe
grace in their forms even the vicious
and sinister sword of an assassin could
boast agility
overall the art of the sword had more
lunging and flicking than slashing and
cleaving the way the headless man moved
while using a sword was too weighty his
moves possessed a sort of ruthless
energy a burning intent to slaughter
besides all that hacking and chopping
was neither elegant nor noble
but if what he was holding wasn't a
sword and was rather a saber a
powerfully murderous and hefty saber
then everything made sense
the temperament and martial form of
sabres and swords were vastly different
the weapon this this headless man had
used while still alive was probably a
saber the art of the saber was fierce it
demanded power alone with no
pre-tensions of elegance as the corpse
searched for his head he was also
searching for his weapon that was why he
kept repeating the saber swinging
movement and even caught beach and to
use like his own saber
the corpse had no unique markings such
as birthmarks and being cut into so many
pieces made it impossible to easily
determine its identity never mind that
knee hua song hadn't recognized the leg
at the saber offering hall even way
wushan wouldn't dare assume he could
recognize his own leg if he chopped it
off and tossed it somewhere
why is that funny and also
the legitimate dismissal
of nihosong's
that [__] that
[__]
i hate her
once a stream we really should just come
together and announce our hatred for
mxtx
it was only when the four limbs and the
torso were temporarily reunited by
resentment and had managed to piece
themselves together into a moving body
that lan chichen and lan wang ji could
recognize him
zebra june hang on june told you about
the things we saw during our travels
right we shan asked the mo estate the
grave did it the grave digger yeast city
and all that
lanshi chen inclined his head
then hang one june must have told you
that the smoke masked man who fought to
take the torso knew the sword techniques
of the land clan inside and out way
ushank continued there are two
possibilities one he's from the land
family and practiced the land clans
techniques since he was young or two
he's not from the land family but is
very familiar with their swordplay
meaning he either sparred frequently
with members of the family or is
unusually smart and can remember every
move and approach
lan chichen was silent
where shannon added him fighting so hard
to take the body means he doesn't want
others to notice chi feng jin has been
dismembered
once street fights june's
getting used to it chi fung jun's corpse
was assembled he'd be at a disadvantage
this is someone who knew the secret of
the saber offerings hall of the knee
clan of chingy
someone who might be very close to the
lane clan of guzu and someone who is
significantly connected
to chiefengjun
there was no need to say allow who
exactly such a person might be
everyone knew
lan chichen still looked somber but
after weiwu shan's summary he
immediately said
he would never do this
see what june
way we shan't ask curiously
the two of you investigated the case of
the dismembered corpse and encountered
the gravedigger within this month and he
has spent practically every night of
this month deep in conversation with me
lanshi chen firmly explained
a few days ago we were still planning
for the grand symposium to be hosted by
the jing clan of land ling next month
he's had no time to sneak away the
gravedigger cannot be him
what if he was using a transportation
talisman way wushan asked
lanshi chen shook his head while his
tone was gentle it was resolute
a transportation talisman requires the
study of transportation magic it is
exceptionally difficult to learn and
there were no lingering magical traces
on him to indicate that he had done so
furthermore this magic consumes an
enormous amount of spiritual power but
we attended a night hunt together not
long ago and he performed
magnificently
i can confirm that he absolutely did not
use a transportation talisman
he need not go himself lenwang ji
pointed out
len chichen still shook his head slowly
sec leader lan you're well aware of who
the most suspicious person is shan said
you just refused to admit it the
flickering campfire cast light and
shadows over their faces erratic and
unpredictable complete silence reigned
within the abandoned and decaying garden
after a while lancichen broke the
silence
i know that for various reasons people
hold many misconceptions regarding his
actions but i believe only what i have
seen with my own eyes all these years
i believe he is not such a person
it wasn't hard to understand lash lan
chichen's urge to defend this person to
be honest way washan didn't have a bad
impression of their suspect himself
perhaps because of his origins the man
always treated everyone he met with
great humility and enmity
he offended no one and made anyone he
interacted with feel at ease not to
mention the friendship he'd shared with
zebra june for many years
the knee clander
had been underneath me
why i know ni mingju's name
under niemingzu's control while he lived
the clan had been at the peak of its
power and influence posing the most
direct threat to the jin clan of lan
ling
who would have benefited benefited the
most
from naming zhu's death
to chi deviate and then die of that
madness in public it seemed to be
nothing more than an unfortunate tragedy
with no one to blame
but was the truth
really
that simple
oh [__]
oh [__] that's the end of the chapter
dudes
oh [__]
we are now at chapter 10 called the
beguiling boy
oh we about to get into it now
also yes
friendship of course
of course there's actually
i mean even just that was more um
nonsense than
i thought it would get in the book i
guess from the way that people described
it i thought there was like literally
nothing
like just nothing
and i was
curious as to how they would pull that
off
considering
but even this even this even this is
more
jesus
chapter 10 starts at page 237
and um
we've got a few minutes left
i'm assuming
we're going back to
if the grand symposium
the first sentence of chapter 10 is the
grand symposium hosted at golden carp
tower was fast approaching so they're
still getting ready for the grand
symposium
uh
is this just i don't know why anyone
would know off the top of their heads
but is chapter 10 um
part of the flashback or are we still in
present day
oh i think it's still present day
because they just referred to
one clan stuff
in the past
yeah yeah yeah
yeah present time okay
that was my impression
uh we'll get into it a little bit even
though even though we're coming up on
time we'll get into it a little bit sure
especially since i mean i guess
i guess uh
obs in my streaming software betraying
me
and having to start a new stream i guess
we could count that as the break
right sure we'll do that okay
all right part one of chapter 10
the grand symposium hosted at golden
carp tower was fast approaching
most prominent cultivation clans
constructed their residences in open
areas with lush auspicious landscapes
but the golden carp tower of the gin
clan of landling was situated at the
heart of the prosperous city of landling
the principal road for visitors was a
sloping carriage path about one
kilometer long this road however only
opened to the public during banquets
symposiums and other such major events
according to the rules of the jinn clan
of landling running and hurrying were
not permitted on this avenue which was
lavishly decorate decorated with murals
and reliefs on both sides
each work of art depicted the heroic
tales of past family heads and other
distinguished cultivators of the jinn
family sect disciples of the jin clan of
landling drove the carriages that
ferried guests and would narrate these
stories as they passed through
the current family head jing guan yao
was the subject of four of the most
striking of these works of art they were
named espionage assassination
oath and merciful
power
and depicted respectively these four
scenes
jinguang yao's tenure as a spy in
sha-shen delivering intelligence on the
one clan to the forces of good
jinguang yao assassinating the wen clan
leader wen rohan
the sworn brotherhood vow of the three
june
and jinguang yao ascending to the
position of cultivation chief and
issuing his commands
the artist was skilled at capturing the
subject's essence
the pieces seemed polished yet ordinary
at first glance but upon closer
examination one would discover that even
when the relief on the spirit wall was
stabbing a person in the back
his face
splashed with blood his eyes nonetheless
still crinkled with a gentle smile
it was an eerie sight
it's the dimples
it's the dimples man
it's always the dimples
don't even need to directly say it
immediately following jinguang yao were
were murals of jin zichuan
usually in order to emphasize their
absolute authority and ensure they were
not overshadowed family heads
deliberately had fewer murals depicting
distinguished cultivators of their own
generation or employed a lesser artist
for them
everyone tacitly considered such
behavior understandable however
jin ooh it's probably nazi schwann like
i've been saying it's probably juchon
oops
was also the subject of four scenes
giving him equal standing with the
current family head jinguong yao
the handsome man depicted in those
paintings was spirited and proud when
wei wushan dismounted the carriage he
stopped in front of the murals and
looked for a while lan wang ji also
stopped and waited for him quietly
a sect disciple beckoned them from not
far away len klein of gusu please enter
from this side
let us go lenwengxie said
wayushan said nothing and walked with
him
upon reaching the apex of golden carp
towers towering stairs the view opened
up to a spacious square finally paved
with bricks it bustled with people going
hither and thither
the jing clan of landling had probably
expanded and renovated a number of times
in the intervening years it was
certainly much more extravagant than
what hue-shan had seen in the past
at the far end of the square was
at the far end of the square was a
sumero
throne styled palace
throne style palace base made of white
marble raised by nine broad stone steps
the palace itself was hand styled with
double eaves saddle roofs magnificent in
its grandeur as it looked down upon a
vast sea of sparks amid snow peonies
sparks amid snow was the flower upon the
family insignia of the jing clan of
landling a white p
a white peony cultivar of exceptional
beauty
the flower was as marvelous as its name
suggested its petals came in two layers
the outer layer consisting of giant
petals whirling in on themselves with
folds upon folds like waves of snow
overturning and an in an inner layer
consisting of a smaller more slender and
beautiful petals
threaded with wispy stamens that
shimmered like gold
a single bloom was already sumptuous
beyond compare and to have thousands
blossoming in unison how could such
majestic scenery be described in mere
words
the front of the square was divided into
a number of long queues there were clans
entering the square nonstop but
everything was orderly and organized
su clan of moling please enter from this
side me clan of ching yeah please enter
from this side
as soon as jang chung showed up he shot
them a look as sharp as knives and
walked over
zero june hang one june he created in a
tepid tone
lan shi-chen also nodded sect leader
chang
they absent-mindedly exchanged
pleasantries zhang chung commented hang
on jude has never attended symposiums at
golden carp tower before what brings him
here this time
neither lanchi chen nor lan wong ji
responded but fortunately that wasn't
the question zhenchang really wanted to
ask as his gaze landed on wei wushan
in a tone fit to spit out a flying sword
and kill him on the spot he said i had
thought neither of you cared for
bringing irrelevant individuals along on
official visits
so this is unprecedented what's going on
who is this almighty distinguished
cultivator might you introduce me
just then a smiling voice was heard
erga
why didn't you tell me beforehand that
wangju was coming too the master of
golden carp tower lan fung joon
jinguan yao had personally come
to welcome them oh we personally come in
to welcome my husband are we
i see you all right len chichen returned
the smile and lang 1g nodded in greeting
wei wushan meanwhile was carefully
scrutinizing this cultivation chief the
man who commanded the cultivation world
jin gwanya had a very advantageous
advantageous face
advantageous had a very advantageous
face that
oh
word choice the perfect
word
to describe that man's face
yes
he was fair of skin with a single dot of
red cinnabar between his brows his eyes
were clear full of wit but not frivolity
and his features were clean and astute
seven parts handsome and three parts
resourceful
a faint smile forever hung upon his lips
and creased his brow he was the very
image of an ingenious perceptive man
a face like his could charm the women
without making men feel repulsed or
threatened
elders thought him adorable and the
young thought him approachable
even if they didn't like him they didn't
hate him either hence the advantageous
nature of his face
while his build was a little on the
short side it was more than compensated
for by his calm and deliberate demeanor
okay
i want to know
how
in the hell this so perfectly describes
the actor they got to play yao
how
the [__] did they find them i i'm
blanking on his name
utterly and completely
but this is a per
how did they like how
how
did they find
do casting directors win awards in china
because they do here do they win awards
in chat because one they should and two
whoever the hell assembled these people
for the untamed
deserves awards frankly
yes
what the hell
he wore a soft black gauze cap and was
dressed in the gin clan of landlings
formal event attire the full bloom of
the sparcomid snow family insignia
embroidered on the chest of his round
collar robe matched with a nine ringed
belt and a pair of tall boots
resting his right hand heavily upon the
sword at his waist he gave off a
surprising air of inviolable authority
ginling trailed out after jinguan yao
still not daring to see chiang chan on
his own
he hid behind jinguan yao and mumbled a
greeting juju
you still know to call me juju jang chen
reprimanded sharply
jinling hurriedly tugged the back of jin
wang yao's jacket
jing wang yao who seemed born to resolve
conflicts
appeased jin chung thusly
ah
sect leader jang
aaling already knows he was wrong he's
been fighting so much about you
punishing him that he hasn't been able
to eat these past few days children are
mischievous
that was incorrect incorrect
pronunciation mischievous
you dote on him the most out of us all
so don't be so hard on him okay
jingling hardly added yes yes that's
right joshua shoe can pack me up my
appetite has been terrible
terrible jiang ching scoffed you look
fine enough i doubt you've missed any
meals
jin ling was about to talk back again
when he noticed way we shined behind
landmanji and was instantly stunned why
are you here he blurted
for the free food
way roshan stated
ginling huffed i can't believe you still
dared to come didn't i warn
jinguan yao ruffled ginling's hair and
ushered him to stand behind him he
smiled how lovely
anyone who comes to the symposium is a
welcome guest
golden carp tower boasts nothing if not
enough food to go around
he turned he turned to lanshi-chen
erga
sit for a bit
i need to check things over here and
tell them to make arrangements for
wang-ji
lanchi chen nodded
please don't go to too much trouble
how can this be called trouble jin guang
yao assured
really now there's no need to hold back
when you're at my home urga
jin going out could remember someone's
face name title and age after meeting
them only once it didn't matter how many
years had passed he could still
accurately identify them and warmly
approach to ask after their well-being
if he'd met them more than twice he
would remember their every like and
dislike no matter how trivial and cater
to their fancies while avoiding their
distastes
since lan 1g had so suddenly come to
golden carp tower jinguan yao hadn't
specifically prepared a seat for him so
he immediately went off to make
preparations now
they entered pageantry hall and strolled
down the vibrantly red carpet
next to the small sandalwood tables on
either side of the wall stood beautiful
maids each accented with rings and
accessories of emerald green jade all
smiling graciously and abundantly
their bosoms were as full as their
waists were meek and dainty and the
similarity of their figures made for a
sight that was both harmonious and
pleasing to the eye
weire shen could never help taking a
second look when he encountered
beautiful girls
once they were seated and made poured
him wine he slipped her a smile
thanks
although
hasn't he always afforded wang ji a
second look or am i just or is that just
wishful thinking on my part
uh
maybe
possibly
something like
that unexpectedly however the girl
seemed to take fright at this she stole
a glance at him before swiftly moving
her eyes away weiwou shane was a little
puzzled at first but quickly realized as
he casually scanned his surroundings
that she wasn't the only one giving him
weird looks
almost half of the gin clan sec
disciples were eyeing him ascon's
he'd forgotten for a moment that this
was golden carp tower the place mo
shwanyu had been expelled from after
harassing after harassing his peers it's
not in quotations in the book that's me
harassing his
his his peers which is accurate but does
not lead you to the specific um
instance that they're talking about
who would have thought he'd shamelessly
swagger back in following the twin jades
of the lane clan of guzu and he'd
somehow even been given a first class
seat
we would shine nudged closer to land
wong ji and whispered hang on sharon
hang on jun
what is it lan wang ji asked
you can't leave my side okay wait was
shane implored him there's sure to be
plenty of people here who know moshe and
you if anyone catches if anyone wants to
catch up with me i'll have no choice but
to keep up the crazy act when that
happens please don't get mad if i
embarrass you
then when she cast him a look and said
him passively
provided you do not provoke others
just then jinguang yao entered the hall
with an extravagantly dressed woman on
his arm she was composed but her
expression carried a sense of simple
innocence and childish grace this was
jin gwang yao's wife the mistress of
golden carp tower chinsu
for many years check in time
for many years the two of them had been
the cultivation world's exemplar of a
loving married couple
they treated each other with respect and
courtesy it was common knowledge chinsu
came from the ching clan of lao lang an
affiliate clan to the jin clan of lan
ling
the family head of the ching clan of lao
ling chin kang yi i hope that's right
was a former subordinate of jinguang
shan's and had followed him for
years
while jing guang yao was jingling son
his mother's background meant he and
shinsu were not of equal social standing
however chintzy was rescued by jinguen
during the sunshine campaign and fell in
love with him she refused to give up
adamant she would marry the man until
they finally tied the knot in a
beautiful
tale of
love jinguan yao had never been
unfaithful either while he held the same
important seat as
cultivation chief his approach
aha
while he held the same important seat as
cultivation chief his approach was the
complete opposite
of his father's
he never took any concubines nor did he
have affairs with other women
and that alone made plenty of the wives
of other sect leaders genuinely envious
as way wishing watched jingoing now hold
his wife's hand to lead her the entire
way the very picture of gentleness and
consideration even being careful to
ensure she did not trip on the jade
steps while she walked
he thought the rumors
were true
we'll stop there for today
because we're about to get into the
actual banquet beginning so we are at
the very top
of page 244.
wow
wow she really like
she really really enjoyed mxtx she
really enjoyed
setting up all the dominoes
just to knock them all down and i mean
every individual domino
just
knock them all down
i respect that i expect the hell out of
that
whoo
[Music]
yeah annie that was very much my point
of emphasis
affairs with other women note no mention
of other men
because why would there be because there
clearly seems to be some uh
historical homophobia going on
so why would they
huh
imagine volume 2 ends on a cliffhanger i
wouldn't be surprised where did oh man i
wish i had it within reach but it's
actually on my bookshelf behind me
um
where exactly
did volume 1 leave off
i'm trying to figure it out by going
back to where volume 2 began
which i don't think will help me
considering that they can jump around
all right they were following the thing
okay
hmm
right yeah so that was basically um
they entered yeast city at the end of
volume duh because volume two was
wow um
yeah yeah they were getting the e city
at the end of volume one which in and of
itself
was a cliffhanger even if you don't
realize it even if you're reading
experiencing the story for the first
time
through through the book
um
that's still a bit of a cliffhanger
i would imagine
that they found
really good places
to leave off
for each volume
i mean you have so many options is the
thing
because mxtx is like feral and unhinged
and unreal so there are plenty of spots
where you can leave off with a bit of a
cliffhanger vibe obviously some more
than others
but just in general
yeah i mean look at the episodes of the
untamed even at the end of every single
[__] episode like it's just super
it's pretty pretty easy to just open the
book pick a spot and be like yeah you
know what if a volume ended there
so
we are did i tell you guys what page we
were on
i can't even remember i think i did
we're at the top of 244.
um
i'll be back this has 350 like it
usually does
so there might be
only three
three sessions left before we're done
with volume two
and um
the volume three comes out august 17th
in case y'all didn't know i'm assuming
you did but it was
news to me i knew it was coming out
later but i didn't know the specific
date but someone was super helpful on
the discord and posted the uh the entire
release schedule for all of
mxtx's
stuff
um
so volume three comes out in august and
then we actually get volume four like
right at the end of the year i think
it's actually
and yes i know this it's actually i
believe released on taylor swift's
birthday on um december 13th
is when we get volume four
and then volume five is
march so it's actually a pretty
that's a pretty decent release schedule
i'm pretty grateful
that they're not
dragging it out although on one hand i
don't want them to break the backs of
their translators
who they're already not treating
terribly well but that's a different
topic
different but related
so um i
will see you guys
back on tuesday
at
same bat time same bat channel i will
probably not be streaming through obs
anymore considering this the second time
that it has
screwed me over
but we'll get that back and stable
for tuesday so that we can begin to
finish
volume two i'm having
the best time
and like really
genuinely this is so good and
i'm having
a damn blast
i'm super excited to start the process
all over again eventually with
svss and heaven officials blessing
i think that's going to be a time and a
half
so i'll see you guys on tuesday
please please please take care of
yourselves and we will pick up with more
mother sushi volume 2
at 3 p.m next tuesday
you guys have a good one